Khalil/1652 download protocol snapshot (#440)
onflow/flow-cli: docs/snapshot-save.md

---
title: Save a protocol snapshot with the FLOW CLI
sidebar_title: Snapshot Save
description: How to save a protocol snapshot from the command line
---

The FLOW CLI provides a command to save the latest finalized protocol state snapshot

```shell

> flow snapshot save <path_to_save_snapshot>

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
flow snapshot save <output path>
```

```

## Example Usage

```shell
flow snapshot save  /tmp/snapshot.json --network testnet
```

### Example response
```shell
snapshot saved: /tmp/snapshot.json
```

## Arguments

> ### OutputPath

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
### Output Path
```

- OutputPath: `path to save the snapshot file`
- Valid Input: any valid string path

> This is where the protocol snapshot JSON file will be saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output path where the protocol snapshot JSON file will be saved.
```

## Flags

> ### Signer
> 
> - Flag: `--signer`
> - Valid inputs: the name of an account defined in the configuration (`flow.json`)
> 
> Specify the name of the account that will be used to sign the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Host
- Flag: `--host`
- Valid inputs: an IP address or hostname.
- Default: `127.0.0.1:3569` (Flow Emulator)

Specify the hostname of the Access API that will be
used to execute the commands.

### Network

- Flag: `--network`
- Short Flag: `-n`
- Valid inputs: the name of a network defined in the configuration (`flow.json`)
- Default: `emulator`

Specify which network you want the command to use for execution.

### Filter

- Flag: `--filter`
- Short Flag: `-x`
- Valid inputs: case-sensitive name of the result property.

Specify any property name from the result you want to return as the only value.

### Output

- Flag: `--output`
- Short Flag: `-o`
- Valid inputs: `json`, `inline`

Specify in which format you want to display the result.

> ### Save
> 
> - Flag: `--save`
> - Short Flag: `-s`
> - Valid inputs: valid filename
> 
> Specify the filename where you want the result to be saved.
> 
> ### Log
> 
> - Flag: `--log`
> - Short Flag: `-l`
> - Valid inputs: `none`, `error`, `debug`
> - Default: `info`
> 
> Specify the log level. Control how much output you want to see while command execution.
> 
> ### Configuration
> 
> - Flag: `--config-path`
> - Short Flag: `-f`
> - Valid inputs: valid filename
> 
> Specify a filename for the configuration files, you can provide multiple configuration
> files by using `-f` flag multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
